Add static dir docs (#92)
axodotdev/oranda: docs/src/options/static-dir.md

# Static directory

> This option allows you to set the directory where you want your static assets like images to be on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This option allows you to configure the name of the directory where static assets, such as images, are served from. By default, the value is `static`.
```
